feat(internal/carver): add tooling to help carve out sub-modules (#4417)
googleapis/google-cloud-go: internal/carver/cmd/_README.md.txt

# {{.Name}}

[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/{{.ImportPath}}.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/{{.ImportPath}})

Go Client Library for {{.Name}}.

> ## Import

Reviewer: This is how to `get`, not to `import`.

```bash
go get {{.ImportPath}}
```

## Stability

> The stability of this module is indicated by semver. That said, some stable
> modules will include unstable packages in them. You can identify if a package is
> unstable if the import path includes alpha or beta and/or if it is noted in the
> package documentation.

Reviewer: I feel like we can be more clear here. Suggestion, feel free to edit further:

```suggestion
The stability of this module is indicated by SemVer.

However, a `v1+` module may have breaking changes in two scenarios:

* Packages with `alpha` or `beta` in the import path
* The GoDoc has an explicit stability disclaimer (for example, for an experimental feature).
```

## Go Version Support

See the [Go Versions Supported](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-go#go-versions-supported)
section in the root directory's README.

## Authorization

See the [Authorization](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-go#authorization)
section in the root directory's README.

## Contributing

> Contributions are welcome. Please, see the[CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-go/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions are welcome. Please, see the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-go/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
```
